Come.
Good afternoon and welcome to the best place to be on a Sunday, First Love Church.
The Bible says in Psalm 122 verse 1, I was glad when they said unto me, Let us go into the house of the Lord.
I am truly glad and excited to be here today in the presence of God.
I am so expectant for what God has in store.
I believe our lives are going to be changed and transformed by the power of His word.
So without further ado, let's head into today's service.
So on that note, it is time to hear a powerful testimony.
So please put your hands together and let's welcome our brother, Sydney, to share a testimony today.
Sydney, please introduce yourself to the church and tell us what your testimony is about today.
Hi, my name is Sydney and I'm part of the Dancing Stars and I'm part of the Stocco Center.
What's your testimony about today?
My testimony is about how I received a new job by putting God first.
He said he received a new job by putting God first.
So how did your testimony begin?
Where does it start?
So it begins when I graduated from uni last July.
Afterwards I was applying for a range of jobs and nothing was coming up.
But then by the grace I got a part-time job in a school.
And that was a part-time temporary job supposed to end in September.
So I was trying to find a full-time job.
It wasn't your ideal job, but it was working for the time being.
For the time being, yeah.
So I spoke with a range of people trying to see if I can get a full-time job, because I wanted to get into HR.
And I spoke with intimate counseling, I spoke with my shepherds, and they advised that I pray and essentially put God first.
So as I was trying to put this in place,
I got an extension for the part-time job.
So I was extended all the way up until December.
So a job that was only supposed to last one month, you got extended all the way until December?
Yeah.
That's a testimony in itself.
So what happened after that?
After that, I just, I still wanted to get a HR job.
Even though I was grateful for the extensions, I still wanted to get a HR job.
And what ended up happening was, I recall there was one particular week
I think it was instrumental in getting this in my job hunt.
And I remember I was listening to a range of messages and they were essentially trying to say, you should put God first.
So I decided to get more involved in my center.
I decided to listen to more messages and decided to improve upon my prayer log.
So as I was doing that, before I knew it, that same week I got a range of calls from recruiters for a range of jobs
all kinds of jobs it was amazing.
So the very week that you decided to put God first it's actually the week that you got more job offers than you had ever had.
I think you should put your hands together for God.
So where are you now?
Well now I'm currently working as an auditor at the moment but the testimony actually gets better.
You'll be there.
Yeah, so as I was continuing trying to bring more people to church, pray, and actually fulfill the Great Commission, I received another job offer.
Wow.
And that job offer is for a HR job in itself.
Exactly what you wanted.
Yeah.
I think you should put your hands together again.
And this job offer not only does it offer more money than I'm currently on at the moment, it offers a CIPD, free of charge, so I don't have to pay as penny.
Wow, nothing.
Wow, so you're completely blessed just by putting God first.
Simply by putting God first.
So what would you like to tell the rest of the church today?
What I'd like to tell the rest of the church is that you're in a blessed church, you're in a good church, you should try and put God first.
The Bible says in Matthew 6.33, seek ye first the kingdom of God and his righteousness and all these shall be added on to you.
So I believe that as you believe in this verse, the promise will come to pass in your life.
Amen.
Put your hands together for Sydney for a powerful testimony.
I see Matthew 6.33 coming to pass in your life too.
Amen.
You gotta ride this time.
Say what it says.
E-walk in the building.
On fashions.
ZZ
freestyle, man Money beats, getting scared Yeah, boy, let's go Test the money, say Test the money, test the money, say Test the money, say Test the money, test the money, say Test the money, say Test the money, say
Testing my testimonies I needed a house and you gave it to me I needed a car Lord you gave it to me Anything I want you to give out to me So everything I am I'm gonna give it to you I'm gonna go try to ever chop my tides Everything you give me I'm gonna bring them back Said I won't try to ever chop my tides I'm gonna bring to you
I'm gonna bring to you my everything My testimonies, yeah, testimonies, yeah, testimonies, yeah, testimonies, yeah, testimonies, yeah, testimonies, yeah, testimonies, yeah, testimonies, yeah, testimonies, yeah, testimonies, yeah, testimonies, yeah, testimonies, yeah, testimonies, yeah, testimonies, yeah, testimonies, yeah, testimonies, yeah, testimonies, yeah, testimonies, yeah, testimonies, yeah, testimonies, yeah, testimonies, yeah, testimonies, yeah, testimonies, yeah, testimonies, yeah, testimonies, yeah, testimonies, yeah, testimonies, yeah, testimonies, yeah, testimonies, yeah, testimonies, yeah, testimonies, yeah, testimonies, yeah, testimonies, yeah, testimonies, yeah, testimonies, yeah, testimonies, yeah, testimonies, yeah, testimonies, yeah, testimonies, yeah, testimonies, yeah, testimonies, yeah, testimonies, yeah, testimonies, yeah,
Test the monies, test the monies, test the monies I know what's right to ever chop your tides Everything you give me, I go bring them bags And I won't try to ever chop your tides I'm gonna bring to you, I'm gonna bring to you
money say
that they did they learned that one from me so just throwing it out there somebody said well I don't know why anyway are you blessed to be at the faith encounter service I can't feel you I said are you blessed to be at the faith encounter service I'm so excited because our pastor is back in the house and the last
time he was here you'll remember that he was speaking to us about building our house on a rock how many of you remember yes and I believe that today as you've come you're receiving everything that you need to establish a solid foundation in your life so I want you to shout on to God and with a round of applause welcome our pastor and our father Bishop Richard
Thank you, Father.
Let's stand and pray if you are seated.
Father, we want to thank you for this afternoon.
Thank you for your beautiful presence, Lord.
Thank for the blessed opportunity to be in your house and in your presence.
Let your kingdom come.
Let your will be done.
Forgive us of our sins and our mistakes, Lord.
Show us mercy.
Thank you, Lord, that your word shall bring healing
and encouragement, strength.
Let your word today be light to us, O God.
Let it bring direction.
Thank you for the blessing of preaching and the blessing of hearing your word.
Thank you, Father, for a blessed day.
In Jesus' name I pray, I curse every work of darkness.
I curse every satanic effort.
And I thank you, Father.
that your power shall prevail in this service today.
Thank you Father once again.
We thank you for bringing us together.
Let it well be done.
In Jesus name.
Amen.
Oh shout it better.
God bless you.
Take your seats.
Hallelujah.
Well, it's good to be back in church.
Last week, Sunday, I was around, but I was preaching somewhere in Southampton.
Yes.
And today we are back here.
So good to see all of you again.
Well, I want to start sharing with you on a new message series.
I told you that the message on faith was just an injection, isn't it?
And every now and then I'll be giving you injections from the faith
Secrets book.
But today I want to start off on something that I really want to talk to you about.
So let me read a couple of scriptures.
Then I'll give you the title of our message series.
Are you happy about that?
Okay.
And we'll take out a few weeks to finish, I believe.
A few weeks.
So we have to start seriously and move fast today.
Are you all happy to be in church?
You are welcome to church.
Has somebody said to you that you are welcome?
Do the people say to you when they are coming to the set, do they say you are welcome, the people you meet outside?
Do they say you are welcome?
Do they say that to you?
Do they smile?
Do you notice their smiles?
Do you hear them say welcome?
Do they offer hugs sometimes?
They don't offer hugs.
I think you should stand and wait for a hug.
Yes, next time stand and say, look, all week nobody has given me a hug.
So I need a hug today.
OK. Maybe I will start a new ministry called Haggis.
So they'll be at the door and they'll just, they'll hug those who need hugs.
I'll get them to dress like teddy bears.
So they'll hug.
So I need some juicy brothers to join the ministry to offer warm hug, haggie hugs.
Yes.
You need a bit of a jiggly, jiggly, jiggly, jiggly.
So that.
No, Michael can't join the ministry.
No, he can't.
He should stay as a center leader.
But there are a few people that I can't mention.
Due to fine protocol, they would do well in the Haggis.
Haggis International.
Yeah, because you need the jiggly field to
to welcome people into the service.
Is it a good idea?
Is it a good plan?
Okay.
So, since the airport stars are not giving you hugs, I'm going to look for Haggis Ministry International.
Thank you.
A lot of people have mentioned your name.
I don't know why.
I don't know why they are bashing your name, but they seem to be bashing your name, I mean.
I didn't say, thanks for shouting your name, I don't know why, but.
So I don't know why you like to be the ministry shepherd.
No more names, just one is enough.
We all know ourselves that we can do well.
Isn't it?
Yeah.
Some of it is not for you, don't even apply.
Yes.
When we see you try to hug us, we feel like praying for you.
There are jigglers, jigglers, jigglers.
You have the jiggies.
When you hardware, you don't feel like letting them go.
And say, oh, Lord, use this church.
Church this sweet papa.
Anyway, let me preach.
People, you like there?
Funny parts.
So first passage, that one has to read,
Let's read a few passages and then we will start.
Are you ready for something new, something powerful?
Are you ready to learn?
Are you in the learning mode?
Okay.
Then turn your Bibles to Psalm 79.
Psalm 79.
It says that verse 13, Psalm 79 verse 13 says that
So we thy people and the sheep of thy pasture will give thee thanks forever.
We will show forth thy praise to all generations.
Who are those who will give thanks and show forth praise to all generations?
We thy people
and we, the sheep of thy pasture.
Psalm 100 and verse number three.
Wow.
Have you started bringing Bibles to church?
Okay.
You must have Bibles.
It says that Psalm 100, this is Psalm 100 and verse three, it says that know ye that the Lord, he is God.
it is he that has made us and not we ourselves.
If you know it didn't make yourself.
God made you.
Okay.
And not we ourselves.
Then he says again, we are his people and the sheep of his pasture.
We are his people and we are the sheep of his pasture.
Beautiful.
You need one more verse?
Okay.
Jeremiah chapter 23.
Am I going to give you two more?
And then there will be more in the preaching.
Jeremiah chapter 23, verse one.
It says that will be unto the pastors that destroy and scatter the sheep.
of my pasture, saith the Lord.
So the pastors are also in trouble.
The pastors are in trouble because they are not doing some things.
Woe unto the pastors that destroy and scatter the sheep of my pasture, saith the Lord.
Okay?
Final verse for my introduction is Psalm 95.
And verse number seven.
Have you learned something from the four powerful verses already?
Okay, he says that for he is our God.
And we are the people of his pasture and the sheep of his hand today.
if you will hear his voice.
Again, you can see that the scripture is saying that for we are his people, the people of his pasture, and the sheep of his hand.
So the title of our new series is God's Sheep.
God's Sheep.
First love, lighthouse, UD,
There's a common term that you hear, sheep and shepherd.
And maybe I've heard that term since you gave me a sheep and shepherd.
It's sometimes other people make fun of us that we call our people sheep and we call our people shepherd, sheep, shepherd, shepherd, sheep.
They have all kinds of names and all kinds of things that they throw about.
We are used to, he's been going on for 30 years now.
We're okay.
It's not a problem.
It's not a problem for us at all.
Yes.
As you can see, it's all biblical.
So we use biblical terms, biblical terminologies.
That's why we use sheep.
ship it.
So we are sheep.
We are the sheep.
We are God's sheep.
Tell your neighbor, hello God's sheep.
Yes.
You are God's sheep.
That is why that is why the people that God calls to have oversight of his sheep, his sheep, you see that he doesn't call them mechanics or doctors.
He calls them pastors.
Which is the word pastor means shepherd.
Shepherd.
In some languages, when you say shepherd, the word that is used for a shepherd, that's the pharma shepherd.
It's the same word that is used as pastor.
So we are God's sheep.
You have to remember that you are God's.
You are sheep.
You are not a lion.
So when you're in a church and you behave like a lion, it means that it's as if you're not converted.
Or you haven't become, you have not even become God's child.
Because God's children are sheep.
They behave like sheep.
They don't behave like lions.
They don't behave like snakes.
They don't behave like wild geckos.
Sheep is sheep and sheep has a way of behaving.
There must be a reason why God chose the word sheep and not snakes or lions or tigers.
Because sometimes you see a Christian, he wants to behave like a tiger.
He wants to be, he wants to be his own man and his own person.
But God says sheep.
He said, you are the sheep of my pastor.
You are my sheep.
Cheaper one of the wonderful animals you can never see with the characteristics that they have.
They are very leadable.
You can't lead a snake.
A snake.
What do you say a snake?
You run.
But you can lead sheep.
You can't even lead a goat.
If you are interested in animals,
You can't lead a leopard, especially a female leopard.
Female leopards live on their own.
Yeah.
Female lions don't live, the lions live in what they call a pride, like a family.
The family with, they usually have one male, dominant male who goes and comes and visits and I mean all the children are for him.
all the children are for him, all the wives are his.
But lepards don't do that.
Female lepards are on their own.
The only time you see a female lepard with a mate, it means that she's ready to mate.
And she just wants to get pregnant.
As soon as she, her body tells her, look, you are pregnant.
She sucks the male.
If he stays, if he one minute, one minute longer, she can even kill him.
It turns into a fight.
It's like leave, leave now, go.
I am one day was talking to some unbeliever woman who was quite promiscuous.
Do you understand promiscuous?
Just all over the place.
So I was asking her that, how do you do it?
How do you get a man into your life?
And then you get rid of him.
She said, it's very easy.
When I've had enough of him, I just create something that will bring a quarrel.
So we just argue that that's the end.
And she said, it's all an act.
She said, I might be angry, but I've had enough of him.
I'm fed up.
So as she was describing her art of changing partners,
I remember the female leopard.
I said, no, this one is a female leopard.
She's not a sheep.
She's a female leopard.
She's not leadable.
So he said, already God is saying to us that let's not be snakes or leopards or lions.
Let's be sheep.
Let's learn how sheep behave and be sheep.
Sheep is a only animal that you see that someone is walking and they are following.
You see they are coming.
They are moving.
They move with a human being called Shepherd.
Sometimes they even have Shepherd dogs that can even guide them.
But if like try bringing Shepherd dog near a lion, the lion will eat it.
So to start off this series today, I want to start off with a subtitle that is Types of Sheep.
Types of Sheep.
No types of snakes.
No more snake behavior.
Snake, you can't easily find it.
Sly, sly, clever.
Full of lies, deception.
Lion fighting back.
Female leopard, you know.
Super independent.
Do we want to, no pastor would want to be a pastor of our snakes.
Or lions, people who are always biting back.
People always back end.
What do they want?
Pastor dogs.
Pastor sheep.
They say, you are the sheep of my pastor.
We are his people.
And the sheep of his hand.
The sheep.
We are sheep.
That's how we feel.
When you come to church, it's like feeding time.
You see, you see, you see the sheep eating.
No talking back.
No arguing.
Not convincing people next to them.
No whispering.
They know.
It's the Bible that is being read.
The Bible that is being read.
So when you don't believe in the Bible, the question will be, what are you?
What are you planning to be?
And what do you want to be?
Why can't you be gathered?
Is it the more sheep like we become?
the more tame we are, and the more leadable we become.
I think that if you ask me, what is perhaps a leading trait of sheep that I will recommend and aim, that I desire to aim for, I'll say, do you want to know?
I'll say become leadable.
Yes.
Become leadable.
Leadable.
You have to learn how to follow.
And how to follow a good example.
The scripture says that as many as are led by the spirit, they are the sons of God.
As many as are led.
You see, if you can be led, if you can be led,
You have to learn it.
You have to learn the voice of God.
To be able to follow God.
To follow the voice of God that God is leading me to do this.
And you say, it's not just when you want certain things that you say that you are being led.
God doesn't only lead.
He doesn't only lead when you want a beloved.
How come the only time you hear from God is when he gets to beloved?
All this time, you've never been led before.
As soon as we get to beloved, then that's when you start quoting, I'm led.
You are not led.
You are feeling.
Do you understand?
That thing you call led is feeling.
We all have feelings.
We've all had feelings before.
We have feelings.
We still have feelings.
Don't you have feelings?
Yes.
But you have to learn how to be led.
All the time you are led, you are led by God.
You are led by the word of God.
You are led by the Holy Spirit.
In Psalm 231 that was describing the shepherd-sheep relationship, he said, he leadeth me.
He leadeth me.
When you can't be led, you can't be led.
You can't be spoken to, you can't be counseled.
You can't be corrected.
Ah.
Then perhaps you are a lion.
Have you seen a man walking with fourteen lions following him?
They will eat him.
They will eat him up.
So when you see people eating up their shepherds, destroying their shepherds, fighting their shepherds, they are not sheep.
Fighting their shepherds.
or when the shepherd turns round, they are not there.
Hey.
What type of creature is this?
Maybe they are lizards.
Lizards.
That you started off with seven lizards.
That's your movie.
You are taking them to green pastures.
When you turn around, your lizards have disappeared.
That they are no sheep.
It's a sheep.
When you turn around, you see the sheep are still coming.
You even hear the making noises man.
You can, I've never seen a man walking with seven lizards behind him.
I've never seen it.
Or seven lions.
Don't eat him.
Anytime you eat up your shepherd, you should know that you have changed from a shepherd into something else.
May you never eat your shepherd.
May you never discuss him and criticize him and reduce your shepherd to nothing.
So types of sheep.
Are you ready for types of sheep?
I have a few types of sheep to share with you today.
Types of sheep.
How many of you can already see that we are the sheep of his pasture?
We are the sheep.
He didn't say we are the snakes.
We are the snakes of his forest.
Or the lions in his den.
Or the dogs in his kennel.
Or the birds in his nest.
So we are the sheep of his pasture, sheep.
That's how the Bible discusses sheep.
Believe this, a sheep, God's sheep.
First type of sheep.
John chapter 10.
John chapter 10, I would like to read from verse one, if you don't mind.
I'm reading all the way, all the way.
It's today's introduction of the series God's Sheep.
is introductions.
So verse one, I want you to leave this place knowing that you are sheep.
So when someone says sheep, it's not an offensive word.
It's a biblical term.
Biblical term.
Perhaps showing us how we are expected to behave as Christians.
Are you with us?
You almost left us, isn't it?
Thank God for a shepherd that got you quickly.
I can imagine it to be very funny, isn't it?
You go to a charity for the first time.
In the past, I said that all the people are sheep.
Can you imagine how funny it will be?
Will it all be funny to you?
Yes.
Even though he's reading verses to show it to be like, hmm, what's the pastor saying?
Hmm.
I want to check today, say for this sheep.
That's why I've said that look, it's been, it's been 20, 30 years now.
They say ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship
Verily, verily I say unto you, John chapter 10 verse 110, your Bible is in John chapter 10.
Verily, verily I say unto you, he that entereth not by the door into the sheepfold, but climbeth up some other way.
The same is a thief and a robber.
There's a way.
There's a way to get into the sheepfold.
It's by a door.
He said that anybody who does not come in by the set door, prescribed door, approved door, that same person, no matter his status in your life or in whatever, that person is a thief or a robber.
Okay, verse two.
But he that entereth in by the door is the shepherd of the sheep.
The shepherd of the sheep comes into your life the right way.
That's the right things.
The same is the shepherd of the sheep.
Can you see shepherd?
Can you see sheep in the Bible?
Shepherd and sheep in the Bible.
So next time someone is making fun of you about shepherd sheep, you have to tell them, no, you don't read your Bible.
That's why that's how you make fun.
You don't read your Bible.
Verse three.
To him, the porter openedeth, and the sheep hear his voice, and he calleth on his own sheep by name, and leadeth them out.
Wow.
And when he put us forth his own sheep, he goeth before them, and the sheep follow him, for they know his voice.
Verse five.
And a stranger will they not follow, but will flee from him.
For they know not the voice of strangers.
This parable spoke Jesus unto them, but they understood not what things they were, which he spoke unto them.
Verse seven, then said Jesus unto them, very, very, I say unto you, I am the door of the sheep.
I am the door of the sheep.
All that ever came before me are thieves.
And robbers.
Is Jesus not great?
He said, everyone, everything that came before me.
To tell you anything else.
They are all thieves.
Don't mind them.
I am there.
He said, I am the door.
I am the door.
It's like the door that I'm talking about.
It's like the door he's talking about is the door Jesus Christ.
Yes.
You see, your boss at work is not your shepherd.
He's your boss.
another thing that will shock you.
I'm about to shock you.
Are you ready for a shock?
You have to sit up tight and fasten your seat belt.
I'm about to shock you.
Especially the young girls.
I'm about to shock you and announce to you that your beloved is not your shepherd.
Yes.
He's not your shepherd.
He's not your pastor.
Yeah, yeah.
If he tries to be your shepherd, he's a thief.
And a robber.
He's not your shepherd.
I'm not my wife's shepherd or pastor.
Both of us have a pastor.
I'm her husband.
I'm not her.
I mean, I'm a shepherd.
I mean, I can be shepherdy, but I'm not her shepherd.
No, no, no, but listen to me.
I will not, I will not even want to be her shepherd because even attempting to be her shepherd can even create problems.
I prefer, I prefer our pastor to talk to her.
I prefer a pastor to talk to her and a pastor to advise her.
You see, you need, you need, you need an umpire like a referee.
You need VR.
Yes.
But you see, sisters, I'm talking to you now because some of you sometimes can lose your mind about when you get to this point.
You've got to turn yourself into fools.
Your beloved is not your pastor.
He's not your shepherd.
He has no authority over you.
He's not even married you.
Can I ask some beloveds?
Who are approved beloveds, non-beloved in this church?
No, beloved.
Yeah, Lorraine and King.
It's easy for you to use them.
Come, come, come.
Are you beloved?
Are they beloved?
They are beloved.
Approved.
Church approved sign is sealed.
Okay.
Stand here and face the congregation.
Sometimes it's
Sometimes it's good for people to know that you are blessed, so they don't disturb you.
So I want your use as examples like this.
It helps.
It silences a lot of insects.
You see, what I'm trying to say here is that Lorraine has to know that King is not her shepherd or her pastor.
At all.
He is not even married there.
He should marry us here for us to see that he has power to marry.
Yeah.
So, so, so your relationship with God to a very large extent
is independent of the opinions of this man.
He cannot tell you what to do, whether you should dance in dancing stars or he has no right to tell you.
When he marries you, then he has a bit of power that no, my wife should be like this or my wife should be like that.
But now, he cannot.
If he tries, he's a robber and a thief.
Yes, if he tries.
And if he tries, then it also means that you also don't know the Bible.
That's why you follow him.
If he's leading you as to, if any of it or he should help you and assist you.
To even be a better Christian to be monster, to even dance more.
But if he comes into your life, then his presence in your life starts changing you and affecting your relationship with, were you not happy in church before he came?
Yes, please.
Were you happy or not?
No, were you happy or not?
Yes, I was happy.
Yes, what?
Yes, you were what?
Yes, I was happy.
Were you happy?
Do you know how to answer questions?
Are you not a teacher?
Were you happy or not before he came into your life and became, were you happy in the church?
Yes, I was happy in the church.
Did you have a problem with the church?
No, I didn't have a problem.
So you see, you are happy.
You see, the challenge with the sisters is that you are quite desperate for marriage.
You say, you are quite, I mean, I can understand that.
I can understand that.
Yes, but you see, becoming desirous of a man in your, shouldn't turn you into a fool.
That's the difference.
He is not.
Look.
Melissa, he is not your pastor or he's not your shepherd.
I'm telling you.
I was pastoring you before he came.
He cannot tell you how to serve your God.
Otherwise, you are a fool.
He's a robber.
Yes.
I've been waiting for you to clap.
I've been waiting for you to clap about
Because you see, as much as you hear us training our sisters in the preaching systems, be like this, do this, be like this.
They are not selling their birthright to anything that wears trousers.
That because you are beloved now, so you are taking over the person's life.
If a sister you are here, you allow a brother to take over your life.
guide you out of the church, take you out of the church, take you out of the faith, start sleeping with you, start doing this.
It means that, it means that you are not, you are not normal.
Yes.
I mean your faith, your faith is virtually on water, very, very, very shaky.
You should be telling that you have to be saying, hey brother, did you not come and meet me here?
I beg you.
I love you.
You are nice.
You are cool.
I feel like the way you walk.
After every three steps.
I like I like everything about you but I beg you.
You are not my shepherd.
You are not.
You are my lover but you are not my shepherd.
You're not my shepherd.
Mr. King is the beloved of this beautiful girl.
But he is not, he is, he is not his shepherd.
I am his shepherd.
And God is their shepherd.
He is not his
If he tries, if he tries to be her shepherd, he is going to walk into a web that he can't even see.
He will find, he will find himself in problems.
You saw, you saw when we read Jeremiah 23, you saw what God was saying to the, to the pastors.
To see what a pastor switches because pastors, we usually, we look cool and nice and friendly.
We make you laugh.
But what do you see?
Just look at the, look at the message that God is sending to the pastors.
because they are not looking after the sheep.
So when you see someone tampering with the sheep and the pastor is not reacting, the pastor must be some spaghetti pastor.
Some weakling.
I'm waiting for it to settle in before I make my next statement.
Don't think I forgot what I was saying.
Because sometimes it's a little confusing, isn't it?
It's as if your beloved is your shepherd.
He's not your shepherd.
He has no authority over you.
He has to have him.
If you like go and tell your father that he says that he says that you should go out of the house naked.
Try telling your father that.
That your beloved says that when you are coming to visit him, you should come naked.
Why don't you tell your father that?
And see what happens in the house.
So we expect you to love her, be nice to her, but you are not her shepherd.
Yes.
When you marry her, they will explain to you, they'll teach you in a married school, your authority as a husband, this.
And we expect, because you've married her for her to become more serious, more serious in God because of you, more stable in the church.
But still you are not her pastor.
Both of you must have a pastor.
In the event, in the unlikely event of little squabbles, you all run to that pastor.
And he will say that, no, stop that rough.
You discount.
Don't do that again.
Don't do that.
Go home and cook the nice food for him.
Yes.
You're not your pastor.
You're not a pastor.
I'm not my wife's pastor.
I'm the pastor.
If she's in the church, I'm the pastor of the church.
But even that you see that my pastoral, whatever over here is a little different.
Which I have to know.
It's all fightable.
I have to know that no.
And make sure that there's an established pastor in our lives and in the house.
We all have his number.
You call like all.
You report, I report.
You say your side, I say my side.
Then we are all happy.
Anyway, thank you very much.
When I saw this verse, I saw, we got to this bit and I remembered this example.
That there are some brothers who are trying to make themselves shepherd over girls.
Sisters, I'm setting you free today.
I'm setting you free.
Yes, I'm setting you free.
especially the ones that are making you backslide.
They are the useless boys.
And may they be cursed.
Yes.
May anybody who are put you make you weaker in the faith, take you out of the church.
May he be cursed.
Yes.
May his way be dark and slippery.
Because those are the
Me they be cursed.
It's not just secret prayers.
Publicly.
I'm telling you publicly.
Me they be cursed.
It will not be well with them.
Amen.
So, I was reading my passage.
When I saw the thieves and the robbers.
And I remember that there are thieves and robbers.
He said, but the sheep did not hear them.
Verse nine.
I am the door.
By me if any man enter in, he shall be saved.
and he shall go in and out and find pasture.
Through Jesus, you'll find pasture.
Amen.
You'll find refreshing.
You'll find food.
You'll be blessed.
Verse 10, the thief cometh not, but for to steal, to kill and to destroy.
I am come that they might have life and that they might have it more abundantly.
Verse 11, I am the good shepherd.
The good shepherd
Wow.
Verse 12.
But he that is unhyled and not the shepherd whose own the sheep are not, seeeth the wolf come in and leaveeth the sheep and fleeeth and the wolf catcheth them and scattereth the sheep.
Verse 13.
The hyled fleeeth because he is unhyled and careth not for the sheep.
Verse 14.
I am the good shepherd and know my sheep and am known of mine.
verse 14 again.
I am the good shepherd and know my sheep and I'm known of mine.
The first type of sheep.
I'm sure with the types of sheep.
Don't tell me types of sheep.
Types of sheep, isn't it?
Before I explained to you that male beloveds are not the shepherd of female beloveds.
They are not.
Brothers, do you understand?
From today you are not.
Yes.
and sisters, you also understand, do not allow yourself to be led by a backsliding, irritated, non-spiritual, non-progressive boy.
How can you follow somebody's problem?
It's like you're working in a place.
Yes, let's say you work, maybe you look at the chat, but it's not so clear.
You work where?
You are working in the hospital, hospital.
You are a nurse in the hospital.
Then you fall in love with this young doctor.
Young doctors look cool.
Fall in love with him.
And then he falls out with the consultant in the hospital.
Junior doctor is not happy with the consultant.
Because of something that he did and he was pulled off.
And then you are in love with him.
Can you see the triangle?
And then he decides that he's leaving that house, he's not going to work there anymore.
Madam Ness, are you going to follow him?
Because you're in love, so you are going with him.
He's not happy with the concern he's leaving, so you're also leaving your job.
If I say such a person is stupid, am I wrong?
Forgive my language.
So sorry about my...
I mean... As much as you'll be advising on the side that calm down, don't do this.
It's not easy to do this.
You know, just finish your whatever.
Let's do this.
And be content.
Okay.
You are leaving.
So I'm also going...
I'm also no more envious because I love you.
Now, your next thing career and your salvation and relationship with God.
Which one?
Which one is higher or of greater value?
What shall it profit a man if he gains a whole well that loses his soul?
Or you don't know that it's your soul.
It's your soul that is important when you're in the church.
It's a soul, your soul.
We are not here to watch over your clothes or your shoes.
It's your soul.
So when it's easy to change, to just move you, I just move.
It's actually scary.
If actually feels are so easy.
Understanding campaign is not doing their job.
Or new believers, new believers couldn't do their job well for you.
For you to understand where you are, who you are, and what you are supposed to be.
Because the ease, the ease with which a boy who has not married you,
can change, can change everything about you.
It's very disturbing.
So from verse 14, I am the good shepherd and know my sheep and I'm known of mine.
The first type of sheep is the unknown sheep.
The sheep that is not known.
No matter how large the churches make
Make sure you are known by a shepherd or a pastor.
Yes.
No matter how large the church is.
That's why the church is large, but we have smaller families within the church.
Smaller families headed by people we call shepherds.
Impastors.
Nobody knows you.
Nobody knows who you are.
If you don't come to church, maybe you are generally not well.
No one will even notice that you didn't come to church.
I wouldn't know which of the quarry sites is not in church today.
I wouldn't know.
It would be very difficult for me to tell unless I really know that person.
But I expect that someone should know which quarry site is not in church today.
Somebody should know.
And that person who knows, you look out for them.
before they go to bed today.
But when you are not known, even when you are not there, nobody will look out for you.
Even you say, having been to church for seven weeks, nobody has looked out for me.
So don't be an unknown sheep.
Sheep that is not known.
You say, I know my sheep and I'm known of mine.
It means that I know my sheep and my sheep also know me.
Not that I know my sheep and my sheep know they are beloved.
Wow.
My dear sisters, are you understanding my message today?
Yes.
Yeah.
Love, love, love.
That's me.
The person has become your shepherd.
Which Bible do you read?
Which Bible?
Do you see the one who died for you?
Can he die?
Will he even die for you?
Someone who is taken away from your faith is taken away from your faith.
Since he entered into your life, your love for God, your love for God has become weaker and colder.
But you're permitting such a person to be operating freely in your life, perhaps shows your understanding of scriptures and the things of God here.
Second type of sheep.
Have you understood the first type?
Unknown.
Be known.
Ask the person next to you that who knows you?
Who knows you?
Yeah.
And you have to make an effort to make yourself known.
I used to share my phone number all the time.
Give my number out, let people say hello to you.
Every time back now we become a lot.
because it's not just you, the whole country.
And it's not just first love the whole country.
I have a church.
They're also there.
Everybody's texting me.
Especially Monday morning.
So as hard as it was for me, I had to say that no, no more.
No more.
Because I like to know people.
I like to touch with people.
I don't mind talking to people.
I don't mind at all.
I'll just be there chatting.
I can be chatting with about seven, ten people at the same time.
I don't mind.
But now I can't.
So those of you who were here earlier and got my number, you should know that it's a wonderful privilege.
Yes.
You better keep it.
Those of you that I've got to know already, better keep it.
But then,
Just as I've given you my number and I relate nicely, also relate with the newer ones also nicely and keep them.
Yes.
So help others.
Otherwise, I have to give them my phone number.
And then I'll say that you, the older ones, will have to face you out and get the news.
I think that is also an idea.
So stop talking to the old ones and then make new friends.
Why are you not answering?
I should block all of you.
And make new friends.
Because I think there are people from this row, from this row, but I don't know their names and their numbers.
So I could rather share my number from here back.
Isn't it?
You would like to have it, isn't it?
Yes.
Wow.
Second type of sheep.
Types of sheep.
We are all God's sheep.
There are different types of sheep.
But make an effort to make yourself known.
Proverbs 18, 24 says that he that has many friends might show himself friendly.
So all of you say that I'm in the church, I don't have friends.
It's not the church's fault.
Yeah.
If you want to have friends, you make yourself friendly.
Friendly people are the ones who are friends.
People who don't have friends are not friendly.
There's nothing like.
Since I came to the church, nobody talks to me.
No, people who talk are the ones who talk.
Yeah.
It's a television and the radio that starts talking and believes that people are listening to them.
Real human beings don't just start talking and smiling around, hoping that somebody will listen.
In other words, there's nobody who is walking around saying that I am making friends.
Would you like to be, but there's nothing like that.
There's something like that.
It's a television.
That is on.
I'm here in church.
There's nobody in my house.
All everybody who belongs to my family is in church at this hour.
So the television there, if it decides to come on and starts talking, it's believing God that there are people here watching.
Do you understand my point?
Yes.
So if you want to be friendly, you want to have friends, you have to be friendly.
You have to be friendly.
You have to really, you have to really, like they say, beg friend.
Yes.
I mean, most of the people I know, they really made an effort for me to know them.
They really made an effort.
Send them messages, send them to Bishop.
It's Bishop.
I know you have forgotten my name, but this is my name again.
It Bishop is this.
Bishop is raining.
Is it auto raining where you are?
Bishop, the sun is shining, is the sun shining where you are?
Bishop, at the point I said, look, it's okay.
I know who you are now.
Let's talk.
Yes.
Bishop, yesterday's message was very, very powerful.
Messages are always powerful, isn't it?
Yes.
People make an effort.
That's how they get known.
People really make an effort.
Unless they don't make an effort and they blame everybody, it's like, no.
We are nice people.
First of all, we are not nice people.
Very nice people, very friendly people.
Yes.
Okay, second time.
Did I give you the second time?
The second type of sheep is the stray sheep.
that is the sheep that has gone astray.
First Peter chapter two, verse 25.
For ye were as sheep going astray, but are now returned unto the shepherd and bishop of your souls.
The main character of a sheep going astray is someone who is living a life that is
Contrary to what the Bible teaches that the sheep go in astray I'm a first realized so you're going astray.
You know that you're going astray, but you're going You know when you have this certain often in your car I Do it very often sometimes I look at it say look you're wasting my time
I know a better route.
You are wasting my time.
Then you see a 10 left.
And then I can see that.
I can see from the map that she's trying to bring me back.
She's trying to bring me back.
No, no, no, no.
I'm doing what?
And then sometimes I go and I realize that I'm lost.
Like the other time I was going home.
I was going home.
I was going to my own house.
And at the point where I realized I was lost.
I couldn't believe, I couldn't believe what was happening to me.
But it's one of these things of I can find my way, I know what to do.
I will not look this woman be quiet.
Before I was, I was, I was, I was somewhere else.
Then I had to, I had to become humble.
And increase the volume and say, Madam, what are you saying?
But I went astray.
I was, I was nothing about
8 to 10 miles away from my house.
That's how far I strayed too.
I strayed off.
And I felt like I know this place.
I can recognize this place.
It's dead.
I know what to do.
And she was shouting, make a U-10.
I was saying, I was saying, when she shouted, I said quiet.
Quiet.
I'm the one driving.
That's how sometimes some of the stray members, that's how we are.
You be getting counsel advice.
Don't do this.
That's what you want to do.
Don't be like this.
That's how you want to be.
Don't go here.
That's how you want to go.
Don't do that.
Straight.
Do everything.
You go against everything the Bible says.
Yes.
And you want to turn the pastor into a policeman.
Pastor for the policeman.
He's a pastor.
He said, but I'll say to somebody the other day, look, I said, I will never be a policeman over you.
I'm a pastor in a shepherd.
You can't give me work to do.
I know my work and I know what I can do and what is beyond me.
If you don't fix yourself and become obedient to the Bible, you destroy yourself.
And in your distraction, I won't be there.
You'll be alone.
Why a policeman?
Is my uniform white and black?
I think it's white and black actually.
So don't be a street sheep.
Type three.
If a street sheep come back,
But I'm now returned onto the shepherd ambition of your souls.
Okay.
To make a U10 quickly.
Be humble like I became humble.
Look, I stopped.
I stopped by the roadside.
I have to wait for cars to go.
For the road to become quiet.
And I made a U10.
Because I was, you see, I was determined to go straight.
Straight will show me the way back.
I have to go back.
So the way you are going, it's not the way.
You bombings have to come back.
So turn now and come back now.
You'll be better off to turn now.
The shame, the difficulty, the whatever.
It will pass very soon.
It's very fleeting.
Those things are very fleeting.
Just turn quickly and start coming back.
So when you see you become a normal person, then being stubborn and say,
I said, I said, never tell a young lady who is in love not to marry someone.
I said, never say those things.
Because from experience, they won't listen to you.
Very few listen.
Very, very, very few listen.
I said, never open your mouth and say it.
Because if you say it, you'd rather lose the person.
I said, it's better for the person to be here with marital problems than to be at home and doesn't go to church again.
So she was telling me, feeling sorry for someone.
I said, what?
You're feeling sorry.
I said, but I'm not feeling sorry for her.
I have no, I have no, I have no feelings for such a person.
Because if you talk to, I said, I said, cast your mind back when she was, if you had told her because what she's seen and what she's experienced is not new.
If she had been told, stop.
Will she stop?
She won't stop.
So let her go.
Let's all smile in the church.
She comes up with the problems.
We'll be here to fix.
What are their mechanics?
To fix bald cars.
Has bald computers.
They fix it.
You're quiet, isn't it?
Very few people, the people who qualify to be spoken to, they are called daughters.
Not many people are daughters.
Now you can talk to say, no, don't.
Most people are not.
They are not.
If they don't, they will say, don't, I will.
You are jealous of me.
Yes.
A lady sent a message the other day from somebody's beloved, soliciting sex from her.
Do you understand?
Somebody's beloved.
So the person telling me was asking me that.
So should we tell her?
I said, if you tell her, beloved, you become her enemy.
I said, don't.
When you look at them sitting there, you see how she's rather puffed up as though she's conscious.
She's marrying Angel Gabriel.
But the person she's sitting next to, very wicked boy.
Very wicked, very wicked bad boy.
But can such a person be counseled?
If you ask me, I'll say, no.
Like I said, the person who brought the text, I said, don't even talk.
Don't even talk.
Don't even say anything.
Hmm.
We are talking about sheep life, oh, sheep life.
I said, don't even talk.
Let's be there.
I said, after I say, you are new.
I've been after.
If I've told people, don't do this, they don't believe.
People don't easily believe things.
I said, don't talk.
The text, evidence is there.
It's almost nice.
You should see it with attitude.
You can't rescue such a person.
If she's a daughter, we'll rescue her.
Hey, the church has become quiet.
Why?
What are you thinking?
Are you thinking whether it's you?
It's good to think whether it's you, if it's you, it's good to think.
Why do you think it's somebody else?
Why do you think I'm telling you a story that is 20 years old?
It's also possible that it's about 20 years old, but it's also possible that it's about two months old.
Type three.
Are you ready for type three?
Type three is the sick sheep.
Sick.
Ezekiel chapter 34.
Verse one says that in the word of the Lord came unto me saying, keep going.
Son of man, prophesy against the shepherds of Israel.
Prophesy and say unto them, fast hear the Lord God unto the shepherds.
Woe be to the shepherds of Israel.
that do feed themselves, should not the shepherds feed the flocks?
Ye eat the fat, and ye clothe ye with the wool.
You kill them that are fed, but you feed not the flock.
Verse four, the disease that is the sick, have ye not strengthened?
Neither have ye healed that which was sick.
Neither have ye bound up that which was broken.
Neither have ye brought again that which was driven away.
Neither have you sought that which was lost, but with force and with cruelty have you ruled them.
So they are shaped that are sick, both spiritually and physically sick and unwell.
It's a work of the shepherd to heal, to correct.
It's not all medications that are sugar coated or coated or easy to receive.
Injections are forever painful.
Even though they'll tell you that, you'll feel, what's the weather they use?
Scratch.
Yes, scratch.
You feel a gentle scratch, but it's not a scratch.
Someone's trying to take my blood the other day.
She has slapped my arm.
She started from the left arm.
She has slapped it down.
She said, no, we can't see it.
I said, you can see it.
I don't know why, but I usually talk back.
Because I can see it.
I can see it there.
It becomes greenish, isn't it?
Yes.
I said, you can see it's there.
Then she said, OK, OK, OK, I've got it.
I've got it.
They said, you feel a scratch?
Feel a scratch.
Then she put it in.
It wasn't a scratch.
But I was there.
I had to man up, so I was there.
I had to be a big boy, isn't it?
Yes.
Can you believe when she pulled her thing, that blood wasn't coming?
And then now she's coming to blame me.
I said, no, no, take it.
Let's try this.
My two arms.
Then she started slapping this one too.
Yes.
I tried witnessing to her too.
She will convert.
So it is sometimes for the sake, some of the corrections and the things that will come.
I'm not so pleasant.
They're not so easy, but it's good for you.
You have to have faith and believe that this thing is good for me.
So you have to tell yourself, oh, I've not thought of it.
I've not thought of it that I've become so independent from my shepherds that no one can talk to me.
No one can guide me.
No one can even correct me.
No one can even speak to me.
I'm totally sold out.
I'm totally sold out to this.
And these people that you call shepherd, they've never harmed you before.
What do they gain?
Look, places, especially because we are young, so most of our examples are about marriage and relationships.
We are very pro-weddings.
Do you understand pro-weddings?
We like it.
I mean, you should see me on a Saturday after a wedding.
I feel like, man, the church is really working.
I really like it when I see people get, not even get to, I like it when I see people with beloveds.
Once I've said I've got a, I really like it.
It really excites me that you've got a beloved.
I'm very, very, very, very, very happy.
One of my main private conversations is, beloveds.
It's like, man, this person, this person.
Then sometimes you see me asking, wouldn't this person like this person?
Because sometimes the sheep and the other, they can't see each other.
Yes, you can see each other.
And also because you are not so experienced and a lot younger, you don't even know what will work for you.
Yes, you don't know what will work for you.
You don't know what it means.
You feel marriages, like how tall the person is.
Height makes no contribution to marriage.
Height makes no contribution.
So as long as you need advice and guide, you need the shepherd to guide you, say, you know, this way.
This way a bit.
Yes, this way.
This one, it won't make any contribution.
This way, if you try, you'll fight.
Yes, as long as most people look nice that you will like it, you won't be compatible.
So you need someone who knows both of you to tell that, no, no, no, no, this is not good for you.
Try this one.
Then you will be, say, you see.
You see, I don't like the way it looks.
Looks make no contribution, looks.
You really forget about how somebody looks.
You really forget how somebody looks.
You've been in the house, you've been watching Arsenal and Norwich, and your so-called beautiful guitar-shaped woman that you chose.
will come and stand in front of you naked like a banana and you you'll be surprised you'll be surprised that you will say to her that excuse me excuse me excuse me you you will stretch your neck around the excuse me excuse me a goal is about to be scored excuse me it's like something better is happening excuse me
I said, now when I said you can't believe you, you are one reason I have a shop.
It's because you are hungry.
When you are hungry, everything looks nice.
When you've eaten and you are full.
That's the thing that you, you, you, now if you get you even people, you will say,
Look, do you know?
What are the names of the footballers?
Sanchez.
He said, look, Sanchez.
I prefer Sanchez to your naked body.
She will be shocked.
She can't even believe it.
She will not even, she will be so surprised.
When you are there, you see shape, you see height, you see, you see, you need a shepherd, you need a counselor.
Yeah, because the things you see, they are so vain and useless.
The Bible says beauty is vain.
Have you not read your Bible?
In vain, it's useless.
It's actually useless.
It's useful because it will even change.
It will even change.
The other reason is that the person that you see in church and in public places, that's not how the person looks like behind closed doors.
Things have been propped up.
Hair has been adjusted.
Praise have been introduced.
That's not how the person smells in the morning.
Do you think she has rose flowers in her mouth?
You haven't seen her without eyelashes.
She said, I'm walking down the house.
You even ask her, excuse me, who are you looking for?
How did you get into this house?
Most of the things on their heads, they are like hats.
They can be removed.
When they get to the house, they just do this.
Can anybody hear your wedding night?
I mean, your wedding night.
Even if she doesn't take it off, even you try, like stroking, and then it falls off.
Your family has tricked me.
Your brother, your brother has been given to me.
It's a trick.
Your brother!
How did your brother get here?
So they are both physically and spiritually sick sheep.
So someone is not well physically.
If they say it's prayers, there's a bit of pampering.
When someone is not well physically, a person needs a bit of pampering.
You're just going to talk to the person, sit with the person, encourage the person to eat, you know.
So make some food, eat, you know.
Or if you're a lady right there, you make food for your lady friend if you can cook.
Shepherds, shepherds must learn how to cook.
All shepherds must know how to cook.
So when you're on your female sheep, it's not well, you go, you make some hot food for the sheep and serve and sit there for the sheep to eat.
As a female to female, I hope you can hear what I'm saying.
You've already, like you are walking in people's homes cooking for a person.
Bishop said that she can't even cook for you.
You've always wanted to go and cook for him.
They say, I said,
And there are people who are also spiritually unwell, spiritually unwell.
They have problems, demonic problems, devils, imaginations, feelings, warped souls.
If the day we go through Psalm 23, you say, hey, restore my soul.
That means that he will reset your soul, reset the soul back to factory sentence.
He restored my soul.
Because sometimes people come into their faith they are so disoriented.
So disoriented from past experiences and things.
But Christ, Christ Jesus can restore your soul.
Can take you back to how God intended it to be.
You know doubt things, you know question things.
There are people who are always suspicious.
Always suspicious.
They can't trust.
They can't easily trust.
Always suspicious.
What are you doing?
Where are you?
Who are you talking to?
What did your mother say?
Who did you call?
Whose number is this?
How come you haven't saved the number?
How come there's no name to this number?
All sorts.
But that person is not well.
That person is not well.
Because everybody doesn't behave that way.
And when you haven't experienced a normal person, you may not know what an abnormal person is like.
So, such a person doesn't deserve to be thrown away.
The person rather needs a shepherd, a shepherd to minister to her, to talk to her.
What the person needs is not a beloved.
The person needs the soul to be healed.
Let's say again, if we say to you, don't go, you say, hey, Mr. Bishop, have you seen, have you seen her bum bum?
She really shakes.
She's very, very nice.
She's the queen of all beauties.
of all beauties but you can't handle it.
You can't handle it.
You don't even know what to do.
So it's through teachings, teachings.
Even though sometimes you are laughing, but you are laughing at someone's serious problem.
Through the teaching, through the word, through saying things that people can fix up.
People can fix up.
I realize that usually when I'm saying to people that, no, don't make this move.
It's not that the person is a demon, but the person is just not ready for a relationship.
The person is not ready.
Who is a devil?
The person is just not ready.
It's not ready for somebody like you.
Wow.
Who are you talking to?
What did your mother say?
Somebody even said to somebody that I don't like the voice of your satnav.
I mean, can you believe it?
Can you believe it?
I mean, satna, I don't like the voice.
I can't.
The voice of a satnav disturb you.
Yes.
Have you seen the woman who gives the instruction, turn right?
Yes, she says, doesn't like the voice.
So that was a problem.
And it was a problem.
But she said, if she needs a shepherd,
to just give her a stroke on the back and say, oh, look, it's not that important.
Don't fight over such things.
Even if you want to fight over, you haven't heard from him the whole day.
And then when you try to fight, then you are.
It's totally because I've missed you.
So we even train you how to fight.
Yes, they are called romantic fights.
Yes, romantic fights.
But it was something you don't know how to manage your emotions.
Everything you are so aggressive.
Even when you say, look, I've been heard from you all day.
Every day, you see that.
He's getting what I said.
Oh, why?
Why are you talking?
No, I'm only saying because I've missed you.
I've missed you.
You have to know how to do the fight.
And not to be there and insist that.
Let him know why you are saying you haven't heard from him the whole day.
Yes, let him know.
Because I've missed you.
I've missed you.
Then you start telling him what has happened during the, you know, around 12 noon, this happened and I really wish I had heard from you.
So I would tell you about, I've been waiting to tell you all about my day.
But don't make him feel like some evil monster who doesn't call his beloved.
Sisters, are you learning?
Everything is an attack.
Why?
Are you... Be nice.
You always think be nice, be nice, Spencer.
Only because you like the Spencer money part.
Yes.
So there's a sex ship, physical and sex and spiritually as well, spiritually.
May that be healing in Jesus name.
Amen.
Then, this is a good one.
Number four.
The fourth one is the captive sheep.
Captive sheep.
Some of the things I've said this morning, you don't say it to captive sheep.
No.
I'll advise you.
I'll advise pastors.
You have to know what to say and what not to say.
There are some things don't say it.
Don't say anything.
Because the person is already in the mouth of the wolf.
Mouth of the wolf.
This hanker.
You're telling the hanker, come out.
Come out of his mouth.
Would the hanker not shout back at you?
That's what the captive sheep behave.
Wow.
They already, they already had him in pain.
wounded because they are in the mouth of the wolf.
Instead of killing the wolf and chasing the wolf, you are shouting at the sheep.
As the wolf is running away with the sheep, you are shouting at the wolf.
Can't you come out?
Come out of his mouth.
Captive wolf.
Captive sheep.
That's a different way of handling a captive sheep.
That's how it shows me texts.
That person is already in the hands of a terrible guy.
Terrible guy.
Is he going to try?
I said no.
This is not something that you're going to.
You don't attempt a rescue in such a person.
They'll team up against you.
Don't try.
Let one of her arms be bitten off.
She come to church with one arm.
They sit down quietly.
When you are preaching, she's be the first to shout preach.
Oh, say, to be blessed.
You say, I receive it.
She can't even say I receive it.
I receive it.
Yes.
John 10.
Are you learning something?
Verse 12, let's read verse 12.
But he that is on Highland and not the shepherd, whose own the sheep are not, seeeth the wolf coming, and leaveeth the sheep, and fleeeth, and the wolf catcheth them, and scattereth the sheep.
So there are people that the wolf has caught.
The wolf is the devil.
The wolf has caught them.
They're in the mouth of the wolf.
It's called captive sheep.
You will never be a captured sheep.
Captured by the devil.
Deceived by the devil.
Confused by the devil.
I don't know why you've seen somebody changing before.
Your good friend, he said the person is changing.
This says that now, now I'm not sure.
I don't believe in this.
I don't believe in that.
I'm not sure of this.
And you don't, you don't believe it.
Everything is being read from the Bible.
Am I not giving you verses for everything?
Now, you see the person changing.
Sometimes it starts off as though it's a joke.
As though it's not real.
But you see the person changing gradually.
That's a captive sheep.
I don't believe in this anymore.
I'm not sure about this, you know.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure about this.
Anyway, it's only because my mom
My mom is really poorly.
No, that's not the reason.
That's not the real reason.
The reason they have something to do with their mother.
She's been captured by the wolf.
And the wolf is biting.
And you see, when you try rescuing her, the person becomes more reactionary.
I mean, do you remember yourself, some of you?
Do you remember yourselves?
When we tried talking to you, do you remember how you reacted?
Mm-hmm.
Because you're in the mouth.
You didn't want to be exposed.
Nobody likes to be exposed.
Wow.
Church can be quiet.
I think when you start thinking about yourselves, isn't it?
Yeah.
I mean, if you are really thinking about yourselves, because you remember that once we tried or somebody tried talking to you and you are very... You snarled at the person.
That's a captive sheep.
You are hurting.
You are in pain.
You know what you are doing.
You know you are not in a safe place.
Or feel safe in the mouth of a wolf.
You know there's everything wrong with where you are in your situation.
But you don't know how to explain it.
You don't want anybody to know about it.
So you don't want to say it.
So as they come talking to you, visiting, following up calls, you say, no, they are being inquisitive.
And then you become rude, disrespectful.
Your pastor sends you a message, you know I even bother to respond.
Because when you respond, you know you have to say the truth.
And you know there's everything wrong about what you're doing, so you choose not to say anything.
Wow.
It feels like this point is really applying to my dear sheep that I have in the church.
captive sheep.
You see people, they start moving away from the pastor.
So the pastor is their friend.
The pastor talks to me all the time.
And then suddenly it's like, hey, hey, hey.
Hey, I'm not interested.
I'm not interested anymore.
I don't like the teachings anymore.
I do remember when you first came to the church and you heard the preaching.
You were like, wow, wow.
Wow, this is my church forever.
My children will be here.
My grandchildren will be here.
My great-grandchildren will be here.
My great-great-grandchildren will be here.
If I could go back to my great-grandmother, I'll go and bring her to the church.
That's when you were sober.
And then when the wolf caught you.
It's like, I'm not sure anymore.
I'm not sure.
I think I want to break from singing.
I'm not sure whether this quiet into after I was forced into it.
Oh, come on.
I'm not sure whether this quiet.
I think I rather play the drums.
Can I play the drums?
I'd like to play the drums.
I don't want to sing anymore.
I want to play drums.
Do you want to play the drums?
You don't want to play drums?
Yeah.
I was forced into film stars.
I'm not an actor.
I'm a singer and I don't want to sing and I don't want to act.
I just want to sit in the church.
I want to come when I choose.
Is it all you are doing out of film stars, out of choir, out of here?
What you are doing is that the reality is that you are separating yourself from the shepherd.
You don't want any shepherd to ask, where are you?
Yes.
So your departure from choir, your departure from film stars, your departure from wherever, is your departure from your relationship with your shepherd.
That's what it is.
I have this old formula that has proven to be so real over the years.
It's been almost 30 years now.
It's proven to be real.
People that I know who said first, second, third, fourth row, they've already reached the back row.
They're in the mouth of the wolf.
They're going.
Not as different from someone who comes to church late.
No, that's different.
I'm thinking of people who used to sit here second, third.
Now they are somewhere far.
No.
There's something wrong.
I mean, will it, will it, will it, will you not be shocked to come to church and see any of these people in the front room sitting somewhere at the back?
Will you not be surprised?
You know all these people.
We all know all these people.
We know Pope stars.
We know Jenin.
We know King.
We know Lorraine.
Don't you know them?
Are you looking at them?
That you come to church?
Any of these, any of these from here?
One, two, three, four, five, see?
Any of these.
Now they sit somewhere at the back.
They come in the middle of the sermon.
It means separation from the shepherd.
Which means that the wolf has caught them.
If you like try talking, that will be the last time you see them.
When you see them move like that, don't say anything.
Just look away and keep reaching and pray for them.
Yeah.
Wow.
You can see that situations are real and biblical.
It's in the Bible, isn't it?
So number five.
What's number five?
Number five is
A far away sheep, far away.
John 10, verse 3, to him the porter opened up and the sheep hear his voice and he calleth his own by name and leadeth them out.
Far away sheep are those who are near but they are very far.
Near enough to hear the pastor's voice but they will not respond.
These are unstable sheep in and out of church, in and out and stable.
So they are round but they are very far, very, very disconnected.
Wow.
And then number six, it looks like you have a lot to think about, isn't it?
Okay.
So number six, the sixth type of shepherd is the hearing, the sixth type of sheep is the hearing sheep.
Now, these are those who hear the voice of the shepherd.
Do you know one of my favorite verses in John chapter 10?
Go to verse four.
This is one of my favorite verses in the Bible.
I'm talking to you about the hearing sheep, the sheep that hears.
Because shepherds are always talking, shepherds are always speaking.
Even to the captive sheeps,
are always speaking.
As I'm preaching today, as I'm preaching today, I'm preaching to captive.
Some people are captive sheep.
I'm preaching to them.
Some may not even be here, but they'll listen to the podcast.
So I'm talking to them, free yourself.
Come back.
God loves you.
Jesus loves you.
God cares about you.
Don't allow the wolf to take you too far.
says, and when he put us forth his own sheep, he goeth before them, and the sheep follow him.
For, you see, this bet, this bet is a little confusing.
So what it means, what it means here, the column, column means that is to say, for, another word for for is because.
So they follow because they know his voice.
Yes, or that is to say the sheep are following,
the sheep follow, and that is to say they know his voice.
So knowing the voice.
Courses following.
When you don't follow it means you don't know the voice.
Many times I've worked in shopping malls, public places, and I've heard someone saying, Daddy, Daddy, but I don't turn because I don't know that voice.
If any of my children should say, daddy, hello, that's one of them.
I'll tell you, that's one of them.
I'll respond.
You respond to the voice that you know and the voice that you listen to.
That's what I'm saying to Lorraine, that that young man is not her pastor.
His role is not to feed her with knowledge and understanding.
his role is to love and to marry her.
Hopefully, hopefully, if he's a serious Christian, he'll be sharing verses with her and counseling her.
Hopefully, hopefully.
But his main duty, his main duty is not to lead her spiritually.
That's not his main job.
Because he had a pastor before he came.
Did you know the pastor before he came?
Yes, I did.
I had a pastor before he came.
She's learning how to answer questions.
So how come he's coming to replace your pastor?
How come he's become a replacement of your shepherd in your life?
My wife hasn't replaced my pastor.
And I don't think I've replaced her pastor too.
That would be unfortunate.
That would be a huge spiritual mistake.
Hopefully, I can share some verses for her.
Hopefully, I can give her wise counsel.
Wise counsel.
You can tell when someone is receiving wise counsel by the fruits.
You can tell by the fruits and the effect that, well, this person is getting wise counsel.
And this person is getting foolish counsel.
He says, not Pastor Ken.
This is Lava Ken.
Lava Lava.
Even though he has a shepherd, so we are guiding him how to love within limits.
So he doesn't break there because love has extremes, you know?
So we are guiding him and talking to the lover care about her.
He said, we are waiting for that.
He will marry.
That's what we are waiting for.
So we are guiding him gently to the wedding day.
Gently.
other now he's become your pastor is telling you about your relationship with God, how you relate with God, where you should go to church, what ministry you should be in.
I mean, that makes him a robber and a thief.
God forbid you will never be that in Jesus name.
Yes.
And then when you have a good shepherd, he will react.
When he reacts, he means a sign to you that you have a good shepherd.
You have somebody who cares.
I mean, which parent will be in the house and sees you going out and he sees a car parked there with tinted windows, matte black.
And the car, as he's sitting there, it's already vibrating.
You can't even hear what music is about.
And you get out of the house and you are entering the car and your parent will not bellow and say, where are you going?
Who is that?
I mean, what type of parent do you have?
What type of parent is that?
Who would just say, when you are coming back, can you stop by Sainsbury's?
He can see matte black, tainted windows.
You can't even see who is in the car.
The car is.
And you are entering.
Young is, young daughter is entering the car.
I think I will enter the car with you.
We'll all go.
Hey!
I'll say, let's go.
When you are going to say, oh, daddy, but what are you going to say?
Oh, I need a left.
Let's see the left.
And you discuss it.
That's all I need.
I just need a left.
Mind that short left that I need.
I need to examine who's in case when I'm coming, when my left ends, both of us might have to come out.
Both of us might have to come out.
I'll say, you come out or I'll call the police.
You've kidnapped my daughter.
Which one do you want?
Yes.
Sometimes when you have a church, there are thieves and robbers who come into the church.
A good shepherd will not be silent and quiet over it.
It is something.
So you've preached to some of the people they were born in there.
We remember when they were born.
There are people here that I remember when they were born.
They've grown up in the church.
You love the church, faithful in the church.
Then suddenly you appear.
You come into a pool to them.
I beg you, it will not be well.
It will not be well.
It's not going to be well.
What's the last example that I give?
Hearing.
Hearing, yes.
So hearing.
You have to hear.
You have to hear the voice of the shepherd.
Hear the voice.
That's what we have podcasts.
You say, listen to messages.
Don't say, don't say quiet time.
Read your Bible.
Pray every day.
Read your Bible every day.
Read your Bible every day and listen to messages.
That's the voice of your shepherd.
Hear the voice of your shepherd speaking to you.
God will use his pastors to speak to you.
That's why he's rebuking the pastors.
Because he will use his pastors to speak to you.
Let no satanic influence person tell you that pastors are not important.
We talk directly.
You say, one day I had a relative.
Who said to me that?
I fear you're a pastor.
I said, yes, I am.
Then she said to me that she doesn't pray through Jesus.
She prays directly to God.
She said, ah, is Jesus not her brother?
Is he not the son of God?
Why should I go through him?
I go straight to God.
I said, my dear, you don't read your Bible, isn't it?
You don't read your Bible.
That's why you have such a, you see, you don't know that God, you are saying you go directly.
You don't know what he has said.
If you know what he has said, if you know what he has said, you will know, you will know why we pray in the name of Jesus.
Because here, he has said, look, I only hear you when you pray in the name of Jesus.
If you read about you see how God, God, you have said that I'll give you pastors.
I'll give you pastors.
You see how the scripture said that he ascended up on high and he gave gifts to men.
To some he gave pastors.
You see him Jeremiah rebuking the pastors that you are not doing your job.
You are just sitting there.
You are just sitting there and wolves and lions and tigers are plucking away the sheep and you are not reacting.
So hear, hear the voice of your shepherd.
Make sure you hear the voice of your shepherd.
Don't try and solve things by yourself.
When there's something called on your pastor and listen to what your shepherd says, actually hear what your shepherd says.
And then number seven, that's my last one, is the multiplying sheep.
The multiplying sheep.
as a sheep that gives birth and multiplies.
That's why you must become shepherds.
Shepherds are also sheep.
But you graduated and become a shepherd and multiply and multiply.
Josh, I'm waiting for your sheep.
Sheep that this is, this is the sheep of Josh.
This is shepherd.
Ejiki, I'm waiting for your sheep.
I'm happy that you're a pulpit star, but I'm not satisfied.
I feel I'll be very irresponsible to leave you for the rest of your life as a pulpit star.
No.
Have you seen these hands?
I like to lay them on your head in appointing you as a pastor.
I'll be very, very, that's what will make me happy.
I'll be very, very, very happy to see all these guys, they've been faithful.
But they are serious Christians.
They are serious enough that now they have sheep.
They have multiplied.
Because of when the tetras multiplied.
Because they have multiplied themselves.
They saw their beloveds training in school.
That's when you get a beloved and you graduate from the church.
What are you talking about?
We like weddings, but it's not graduation.
As a wedding, we like.
I mean, we like.
We really like.
There's a brother who has been talking to me, he's from another country.
Because he's interested in one of my female ship here.
And because I like my ship, I've also been responding to him.
Because I want to know what is in his head.
So I can tell my ship that, yes, the way is clear, go.
Yes, he really takes time and will give me what he has been doing, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday.
But you see, I don't know him from Adam.
I don't know him from Adam.
I don't even know how he got my number.
I'm sure he gave me my number.
But I really make time for him.
Because I have to know him.
Hey.
Or she didn't know him.
She didn't know him.
She was born in the church.
She's been born later in the church, grown up in the church.
I should just hand him over to him.
somebody who has come around because she's having feelings.
I'll say, hey, sister, wait your feelings and hold on.
Hold on, okay.
Hold on.
It won't kill you.
You wait.
Let's sort him out first.
One day I'll take my hand off and say, hey, feelings flow.
And I'm sure she'll be very happy that they want to say feelings flow.
We're like, but apart from that, apart from that, that person must be a multiplier in sheep.
while you are waiting for your feelings to erupt like a volcano.
Be a multiplying sheep.
Be serious with God.
Take God seriously and grow spiritually.
Grow spiritually and multiply in the church.
Let's let's shepherd in and looking after sheep become more important than anything else.
All those other things are side effects.
Matthew 633 seek offense the kingdom of God.
and all these things shall be added.
Oh, seek first the kingdom, seek first the kingdom, build the kingdom, before all these things, they are side effects, they are side effects, side effects, side effects, side effects.
I met my wife in church.
Where did I meet her?
In church.
Not in St. Louis.
Or Tuesday market.
There's a market in a crack called Tuesday market.
It was not far from our house.
It was called Tuesday market.
The market was named after a day.
Because Tuesday is the busiest day.
I didn't meet her Tuesday market.
I met her in church.
I was the shepherd for the prayer ministry in the university.
Yes.
I was the shepherd for the prayer ministry.
And she came to join.
I don't know why she joined the prayer ministry because not long after she was, I've not seen her interceding for anything again.
But I don't know why she came.
Maybe she came so that she's got what she wants.
at least it has worked.
It has worked and she hasn't destroyed me.
But I was that was the shepherd down there.
I was the shepherd for the prayer ministry.
Come on.
Don't tell me.
We used to have sat Saturday sat.
What is Saturday?
Saturday night I think or Friday night.
I can't remember the day for prayer meetings.
in the stadium, the university stadium.
So when we go there, I'm giving the prayer topic.
So you want to pray?
Left up your hands and pray.
Then I'll see her standing there.
She's to stand, she's to lean against something.
Like that she doesn't move.
Like that she'll be rubbing her, shiter, shiter, shiter, shiter, shiter, shiter, shiter, shiter, shiter.
Then you see some other girls throwing their legs at some of these people.
If you married them, they'll fight with you.
But the Bible says watch and pray.
So that's how I was praying, I was watching.
Where else?
Where else should I choose from?
Then I'll be walking the Kibadolibata on Dilipidon.
Dilipidon, Dilipidon, Dilipidon, Danda.
Dilipidon, Dilipidon, Dilipidon, Dilipidon, Danda.
Dilipidon, when I go this way, you see, at the point, the walk, I have to make it shorter so I can come back to where she's standing.
So, in the middle of it, though, I'm praying in the space.
And I can't go all that way.
Let me come back.
Dilipidon, Dilipidon, Dilipidon, Danda.
Dilipidon, I'll see you tomorrow.
I tell her, I say, yeah, sister, it's working.
But you see, that's the side effect of serving God.
It's not the main thing.
It has not been the main thing.
And it is still not the main thing for me.
For me, it's not the main thing.
Marriage is not the main thing for me.
Still, till today.
Till today.
It's not the main thing.
It's a side effect.
It's part of one of the blessings that God brings.
The Bible says that a lot of low death has with benefits.
There are a ton of benefits.
That's just one of the benefits.
When I see some of these young brothers who are so helpless because they want a girl or they want to ejaculate, I wonder what's wrong with you?
I mean, how far will you go?
It means that you're not going to go far.
You are so resigned.
You are so resigned and concerned about a girl.
He's not even discovered your calling, whether you're a prophet evangelist or an Asha.
You already resigned.
It's like this is a bit as though you're going to write A-levels.
It's like this must be it.
He started receiving services from the girls already.
Did you have twat?
Did you offer him a twat?
Let me not go into that.
Multiplying sheep.
How are you going to become multiplying sheep?
Yes, you have to multiply.
To multiply.
Yes.
You have become big fat, juicy sheep.
Yes sir.
With sheep.
You've given birth.
See, God will look up from heaven and say that this person really loves me.
This person really loves me.
Let me prove it to you finally.
John chapter 21.
Darling, find it for us.
If you love me, if you love me, feed my lambs.
If you love me, feed my sheep.
If you love me, feed my lambs.
If you love me, if you love God, you'll be into feeding of sheep.
If you love God.
If you love God, if you love God, you'll be into beloved roses.
If you love God, you'll be a center leader.
You'll be a basenter leader if you love God.
There, Simon, Simon, Simon, son of Jonas.
Lovers doubt me.
In other words, do you love me?
Yes, Lord, you know that I love you.
He said, if you love me, if you love me, if you love me.
He said, they feed my sheep.
Next.
Is that the last one or first?
Start from the beginning.
The lambs first, I think.
Lambs, lambs.
Yes, he says to me, yeah, Lord, thou knowest that I love thee, that he says to him, feed my lambs.
He's like, you love me, then feed my lambs.
Feed my lambs.
Like some of you girls will be saying, if you love me, call me.
If you love me, you'll give me attention.
Yeah.
So anybody who gives you a little attention, you say that he likes you, isn't it?
Yeah, that's a conclusive.
Some of you brothers, you are there, you don't even know.
They've claimed you, you don't even know that they've claimed you.
Yeah.
I was telling someone the other day, I was telling her that, look, delete this thing from your mind.
Delete this thing from you.
The first somebody starting with doesn't know the person likes you.
Yeah, I say he likes you.
They have to delete.
They have to press delete right now.
I'm on the phone, press delete.
Have you deleted it?
I think it's a small attention you think it's love.
It's not always like that though.
That means that we can't talk to anybody in the church.
We can't be friends with anybody.
Press delete.
We must have friends.
If I met my wife, do other ladies wear like friends around?
But I didn't.
You know how it is.
Don't you have some of these friends that we are going to the altar?
To me, we can't talk to you.
The only people who talk to you, the ones we are going to marry.
So now we have to be there.
So as I come to you, it means it's marriage.
If I stop you, I say, that is a man.
I'm going.
Relax in the church, okay?
Relax.
Relax so we can flow.
Can flow and be happy.
Relax.
You can't say that anybody you talk to means that that's the end.
Please.
It can't be like that.
The guy doesn't even know that he's called to be an Asha or an evangelist.
And I'm encouraged that he should try and find his calling and serve God.
These things are side effects.
Side, side effects.
But all means you have it.
If you're in England in this winter, you feel cold.
It's a side effect of being around.
Because you're around it will happen.
So we shouldn't say hello.
We shouldn't send you a WhatsApp.
It's not that we send you a WhatsApp.
It means that you've got us.
We are hanging on your show.
You have one on your left shoulder, another on your right shoulder.
I mean, why you?
Are you Jackie Chan?
No.
Why is Prince feeling hot?
Prince, a lot of people are asking why you're feeling hot.
Me too, I don't know why.
But tomorrow, tell me okay, what's up with tomorrow, tell me why you're feeling hot.
So next week, I can't tell them.
How many of you would like to know if he sends me a message tomorrow?
There.
I'll come and tell you.
I'll tell you, crap.
Because I know tomorrow he will send me a message.
He'll say we'll make a shop.
Yesterday was easy.
Got the last time he did it, he sent me a message on Monday.
So I comforted him.
I did private massaging and comforted him.
He said, oh, thank you, Bishop.
So today too, he started again.
What was the first type of sheep?
Number one, we are closing.
Unknown sheep.
Number two is what?
Stray sheep.
Number three.
Sick sheep.
Number four.
Captive sheep.
Do you know the captive sheep?
Yeah.
It looks as though a lot of you could relate with that one.
I break the hold of every wolf over your life in Jesus' name.
Number five is what?
Far away sheep.
Far, near but very far.
Near but very, very far.
Around but very far.
Don't talk.
Don't communicate.
Don't do anything.
Don't comply.
That's not being nothing.
Near but far.
Sex.
Hearing sheep.
What?
Are you going to be hearing sheep?
Hearing.
You hear.
Make an effort to hear.
Read.
Listen.
Soaking messages to hear.
Soaking messages.
Not for an exam or anything, but if you soak in messages, you see your behavior will be different.
No one will even be able to deceive you.
No one will be able to approach you and take you out of church if you hear.
And then sex?
Multiplying sheep.
That's number seven.
Sex was what?
Hearing.
And then seven is multiplying sheep.
Anointed to become multiplying sheep.
Yes.
You are anointed to become multiplying sheep.
So when your wedding day, you have sheep to take your pictures with you.
Yes.
You say, I want to welcome the people from your center.
Then you see a crowd has come.
It's beautiful.
It'll be very, very nice.
Have you seen a good reason why you must have a center and work hard?
Well, you're waiting in their pictures.
When we mention your center has come, then two people have come.
Two people who have not even buttoned their shirts.
Stand to your feet and let's pray.
Some of you after this service, you have to tell your billar, look, I didn't know that you're not my pastor.
You're not my pastor at all.
You've been fired.
When there's a problem, you just tell him that, hey, come, let's go and see pastor.
Come.
Then you take him.
You say, yes.
Pastor, we've been beloved for two months now.
He's never taken me to Nando's.
Can you talk to him before me?
He's rather telling me that I should stop singing in the choir.
Pastor.
Master, rebuke him.
Don't just smile.
Rebuke him.
Face him.
Yes.
That you've obtained the things you want to say that you can't say.
So the pastor will repeat it.
Yes.
You have to fight.
Some people have to be fired because you've been working in darkness.
You didn't even know.
I don't even know how that thing evolved when we came.
Started believing as to this little boy is your pastor.
How?
When who appointed you?
When did you become?
Pray for yourself that you be a hearing sheep, a multiplying sheep.
Which other one is a good sheep?
Hearing a multiplier.
The last two are the best.
Okay, pray for those two.
Pray.
They were just praying for two minutes.
Just pray for yourself.
Let's pray for yourself.
Even if you didn't hear anything, you just woke up, just pray for yourself a lot.
Your spirit is here.
Touch my heart.
I want to love you more Lord.
I want to hear more from you.
I want to believe you more.
Serve you more.
work for you lord make me lord make me lord make me lord make me lord make me lord turn me lord to a hearing sheep to a multiplying sheep help me lord save me lord
Pray for yourself.
Oh,
Change us Lord.
Change us
Help us Lord.
Mato sati latan dilibi kafa Vemigo standa, Vemigo standa, Vemigo standa, Vemigo standa, Vemigo standa, Mato lidistianda Na kapatistaya, prendo standa, laba, diva, kapa
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Holy Spirit.
Thank you, Father.
Lord, soften our hearts, Lord.
Change our hearts, please.
By the wax of your Holy Spirit, Lord.
Soften our hearts.
Touch our hearts, Lord.
Change us, Lord.
Let us become, oh God, hearing sheep.
And multiplying sheep.
Sheep that follow.
Sheep that can hear.
and obey.
Sheep that can grow and mature in the things of God.
Lord, help us to become that Lord.
Help us to become that Lord.
Help us to love you more.
To love you more.
It may our love for you be seen by feeding sheep, becoming shepherds and looking after sheep.
Lord, save us from corruption.
save us from the robber.
Save us from the wolf Lord.
May the thief, the robber, the wolf be cast in our mess, O God.
May their efforts be frustrated, Lord.
May they be cast, Lord.
May their ways be cast, O God.
Every thief, every robber, every wolf, I speak a curse
and your ways.
May you be cursed for any attempt to destroy a soul, to pluck out a soul, to take out a soul.
May it never be well with you.
Amen.
Thank you father for your protection over your flock and over your sheep.
Thank you for your
Amen.
Now, while every eye is closed and every head is bowed, I want to pray for you especially.
You hear somebody invited you to church today or you've been going to church here or somewhere, but deep in your heart, you feel far from God.
This afternoon, you want to say, Pastor, pray with me.
I want to give my life to Jesus.
I am a sinner.
I want my sins to be forgiven.
I want to be a child of God.
I want Jesus to be the Lord in my life.
If you're here like that, you'll say, Pastor, pray with me.
I want to give my life to Jesus today.
While every eyes closed and every head is bowed.
You'll say, Pastor, please pray with me.
I want to give my life to Jesus today.
Very quickly, just lift up your right hand wherever you are and I'll pray with you.
Pastor, pray with me.
I need Jesus in my life.
Very quickly, just your right hand and I'll pray with you.
God bless you.
I can see your hand.
You also want to join in.
This is the reason why you came here to receive forgiveness and receive the love of God.
Keep it up.
Let me pray with you.
Pastor, pray with me.
I need Jesus.
I can see your hands.
You also want to join in.
Pastor, pray with me.
I need Jesus.
I need him.
I want to give my life to Jesus today.
Just your right hand.
And I pray with you.
God bless you.
If I have your hand lifted up, I want to do one more thing.
I want to come to me right here in the front.
Come.
Let me pray with you.
Come out of your seats wherever you are.
Come.
Maybe you didn't even lift up your hand but you want to come.
Don't think about your friend.
Don't think about anybody to your left or to your right.
Think about yourself.
You want to come to Jesus today.
Come.
Yes, there is.
Maybe you didn't think that this many people were just like you.
You can join them now.
Join them very quickly.
Come.
Come to Jesus.
Yes, come to Jesus.
Come.
We are about to pray.
Yes.
Come.
You are not sure of your salvation.
Come to Jesus today.
There is room.
Yes.
God bless you.
Let's close our eyes and pray.
If you are coming, it is the time to join us.
You want to give your life to Jesus.
Come.
sometimes you are not sure.
You didn't know that so many people were just like you.
Now that you can see, it's a good time to come.
Well, every eyes closed, every head is bowed.
You want to join.
We're about to pray.
You want to give your life to Jesus.
We're all sinners.
We need the blood of Jesus to wash us.
We need Jesus to be the Lord of our lives.
If you are still out there,
You're not sure of your salvation.
You're not sure of your relationship with God.
You want to say, pastor, pray with me.
I want you to come now, come now, as we are about to pray.
As soon as we start praying, just make your way forward and come and join us in the frontier as we repent of our sins and our ways and give our lives to God.
Every eye closed, every head bowed.
And those of you in front especially, say this prayer with me.
Say this prayer after me.
and I want the whole church to join us as we say it.
Say heavenly father.
Heavenly father.
Thank you for today.
I am a sinner.
Please forgive me.
Of all my sins.
I believe in Jesus.
I believe Jesus is alive.
Lord Jesus.
Say it.
Say Lord Jesus.
Lord Jesus.
Please come into my heart.
Please come into my life.
Heavenly Father.
Please wash me.
With the blood of Jesus.
I give myself to you Lord.
From today.
I will serve you.
I will live for you.
I will no longer serve Satan.
I give my life to Jesus.
Heavenly Father, please write my name in the book of life.
Thank you, Father, for accepting me and for making me a child of yours.
Thank you, Lord, for
in Jesus name.
Amen.
Say a big amen.
God bless you.
We have these gifts for you.
Please receive these gifts.
Beautiful.
Have you run out of books?
What's happening?
Beautiful.
So all of you with the book at the close of service would like to see you very briefly.
It will not be as long as my sermon.
But I'm sure you enjoyed my sermon.
Did you enjoy the preaching?
Yes.
You liked it, didn't it?
Yeah.
Thank God.
Can you see where they are waving their hands?
Look at me.
Hello.
Right here.
At the close of service, just make your way here.
Come and sit here.
We'll talk to you briefly, just a few minutes, and then we'll be done.
Okay.
So at the close of service, please come.
We'll talk to you briefly.
before you go home.
Oh God bless you.
May go back to your seats now.
Come for them as they go back to their seats.
Sit down.
Take your seats.
Now, you have some more of these books.
I don't know.
You are here today.
Maybe today is your first time in coming to church.
You have visited for the first time but you don't have
not that you don't have, you don't have a copy of this book.
I want to give you one for free.
So give us a wave wherever you are.
We'll bring it to you.
Give a wave.
First time.
Now you've been coming to church.
Today's your first time, second time, third time, fourth time.
You like to have a copy.
Hi guys.
You also look behind you.
There are people also behind you.
Okay.
Get it.
Read it.
Share it.
Yes.
Be blessed by it.
Or maybe today is your first time but you want one.
You don't have one.
Wave them, they'll give it to you.
They'll give you one.
So you read them blessed.
You can use it for evangelism.
Easy to teach your friends.
Beautiful.
Communion starts sharing the communion.
Okay, share communion, share it.
Share communion, share.
You are eager to share communion.
How many of you are ready for the next chapter of God's sheep?
There is types of sheep.
Next will be types of something.
I think one of the chapters is you and your pastor.
It's a chapter.
That's why you learn that king is not your pastor.
He is not.
King is out today.
But he's not like that.
He's not like that.
That's why I'm using him.
He was like that.
I wouldn't have used him.
So, you know that you already didn't use you.
You don't have to be asking yourself that.
You are like that.
Have you received your communion?
Close your eyes.
Let's pray.
Let me bless it, Father.
Let it be your power.
Let it be your healing power.
Let it be your restoring power.
Let it be your recovering power, Lord.
As we eat and we drink, Lord, of the Lord's body and the Lord's blood, Lord, let strength come into our lives.
Let it open doors of favor,
and open doors of blessings.
We say thank you today Lord for sacrificing your life on the cross for us.
Thank you Father.
I bless every bread, I bless every cup and I declare it's the body of Christ and it's the blood of Jesus.
The body of Christ.
Eat it.
You are eating strength and healing.
The blood of Jesus.
Drink all of it.
You are healed in Jesus name.
Amen.
God bless you.
Thank you so much Bishop Richard for yet another amazing, life-changing and timely message.
I was so blessed by this word preached.
Remember you can listen to this message again and many others on the First Love Church UK podcast.
Be sure to join us next week right here again at the Kia Oval at 1.30pm.
Until then, have a blessed week.